docs(kaspule): fix typo in RBAC, use scaleway:group instead of scalew… (#6806)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/kubernetes/reference-content/set-iam-permissions-and-implement-rbac.mdx

These groups can be edited and will not be reconciled by Kapsule/Kosmos. If these roles are misconfigured and cut off access to the cluster, the IAM permission set `KubernetesSystemMastersGroupAccess` should be assigned to the application or user. This permission set allows bypassing the entire RBAC layer.

> Users or applications can be added to zero, one, or more IAM groups. IAM groups are mapped to Kubernetes groups in the format `scaleway:group:GROUPID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add users or applications to zero, one, or several IAM groups. Each IAM group maps to a Kubernetes group in the format `scaleway:group:GROUPID`.
```
